Sequence caching and misc updates to SERIAL and CREATE/ALTER SEQUENCE pages (#10219)
cockroachdb/docs: v20.1/serial.md

    ~~~

    ~~~
              a
    ----------------------
      645995170080849921
      645995193855180801
    (2 rows)
    ~~~

    Since each insert increased the sequence in column `a` by one, the first committed insert got the value `645995170080849921`, and the second committed insert got the value `645995193855180801`. As you can see, the values aren't strictly sequential, and the last value doesn't give an accurate count of rows in the table.

> In summary, the `SERIAL` type in PostgreSQL and CockroachDB, and the `AUTO_INCREMENT` type in MySQL, all behave the same in that they do not create strict sequences. CockroachDB will likely create more gaps than these other databases, but will generate these values much faster. An alternative feature is the [`SEQUENCE`](create-sequence.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In summary, the `SERIAL` type in PostgreSQL and CockroachDB, and the `AUTO_INCREMENT` type in MySQL, all behave the same in that they do not create strict sequences. CockroachDB will likely create more gaps than these other databases, but will generate these values much faster. An alternative is to use [`SEQUENCE`](create-sequence.html).
```
